Week 1 
MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING AND COST BEHAVIOR

PRACTICE QUIZ

Question 1
Which of the following should direct the preparation of a company's management books?
ans - No specific requirements/guidelines

Question 2
Consider a company that makes automotive parts and define one of its many different product lines as a cost object. Which of the following costs is a direct cost?
ans - The salaries of workers who only operate the equipment on this line

Question 3
Company A has the following costs or expenses incurred during the month. 
-Direct material: $500,000
-Direct labor: $200,000
-Rent for the workshop: $80,000
-Electricity in the workshop: $40,000
-Wages of maintenance staff in the workshop: $10,000
How much are the period costs?
Ans - 0
explanation - Period costs are costs not associated with making a product, 
i.e., non-manufacturing costs. All of the costs/expenses listed in the question 
are product costs, which include direct material, direct labor, and manufacturing 
overhead, or indirect costs related to the manufacturing process

Question 4
Company A has incurred the following costs or expenses during the past month. Which is a fixed cost?
wrong ans - sales commissions paid on a per unit sold basis: $60000

Question 5
Company A has incurred the following costs or expenses during the past month. Which is a variable cost?
ans - Wages of workers on the assembly line paid on the basis of number of units they produce: $40,000

Question 6
As mentioned, direct costs are not always variable costs. Consider a company that manufactures cell phones and define an individual cell phone as a cost object. Which of the following costs is a direct, fixed cost?
ans- The salaries of full-time workers who assemble the phones paid on a monthly basis, assuming no overtime allowance has been incurred

Question 7
As mentioned, direct costs are not always product or manufacturing costs. Consider a company that makes home appliances and define an individual refrigerator as a cost object. Which of the following costs is a direct, period cost?
ans - 
Sales commissions paid on a per unit-sold basis

Question 8
As mentioned, product or manufacturing costs are not always variable costs. Consider a company that makes computers and define an individual tablet as a cost object. Which of the following is a fixed, product cost?
ans - The salaries of workers who operate the equipment on the product line paid on a monthly basis, assuming no overtime allowance has incurred

Question 9
Company A's total rent for the workshop varies based on the production output, shown as below:
Which of the following statements is correct?
ans - 
When the company's capacity is within 1,000 units, the rental cost is a fixed cost

Question 10
Company A's total royalty expenses for a specific product vary based on the total revenue (dollars in thousand), shown as below:
Which of the following statements is correct?
ans - 
The variable cost (royalty expense) per dollar revenue when the company's revenue is within the range 0-1,000 is smaller than that when revenue is within the range 2,000-3,000

Question 11
Below is a scatterplot of observations, where costs are on the vertical, or y-axis, and number of units are on the horizontal, or x-axis.
Estimate cost functions using scatter plots. Which of the following statements is correct?
ans - The costs are mixed costs. Variable cost per unit is 2.

Question 12
When 1,000 units are produced and sold, the cost components are shown as below.
If the number of units produced and sold increases to 1,500, assuming all costs 
are within the relevant range, which of the following statements is correct?

wrong ans - Total costs (F) increase by 25,000 (50*500)
